> npm init vue@latest
> cd <projectFolder>
> npm install
> npm run dev

package.json:
    difference between depencencies and devDependencies:
    devDependencies are only needed for development, but depencencies are required for both development and production

vue sends everything back to client within a single javascript file,
client will render this js file and then display the content.
this is also called Client Side Rendered and also single page application.

in single page applications, only one js file will be sent back to client that will rewrite the content when parsed by client

style scoped? inside App.vue?
because we don't want style in App.vue affect other vue files.
by applying scoped to style of a vue file, it will only add that style to that specific vue file.

composition api > options api
<script setup>, setup will select composition api in vue.

next project will be a notes app.
we can use vue to show a modal page.
both html overly and modal window (div) must be created.
but initially the modal window div is hidden.
js code will be used to display the modal window, and dim the overlay.
for this we will use vue directives (v-if)

next project: quizes website

we use colon (:) right before html attributes to make them enable the use of javascript.

watch from vue is similar to useEffect in react. it will run some code, everytime a variable changes

splitting components into multiple files.
props.
routing, 3.30.00.

vue-router package will be used for routing.
Routing process:
install vue-router
1. define router in its own js file (routing rules)
2. import components inside it
3. export router object
4. import router object in main.js file and add it to app instance
5. define the routes as components in App.vue
6. the routes will be used to render components

never use anchor tags in vue program. that will refresh the entire page and foil the purpose of single page applications.

nested route: 4.22.00
each car info page will have another component containing the contact info for the dealer of that car
RouterView component will make that component render all routes defined for it.

Navigating to a child route using a router object.

4:40:00 showing car items, only if they exist

4.44 404 view
problem in the video, 404View.vue is in views folder, but video is using a component called NotFoundView
(actually the entire structure of having views and components folder is a bit weird to me)
i will create NotFoundView in components folder.

4.47.00 adding redirects, e.g. /home to /

going back to QuizzApp and adding routes and router

computed composable: a duplicate value that will automatically listen to another variable, and update itself along with it